it's been a long time since I started a
video with your face
Oh totally uh we're going to a Cobblepot
meeting up with the boys
one of which I've been waiting very long
time to film camp because he's so good
and I want someone good on the scooter
in my videos for once
Pepsi sponsor me
cam cam didn't straight on the video I
plan this out I found this out going
straight in it oh yeah yeah I'm good
I've waited
I've waited ages for you to be on a
video so now you're straight on it no
messing about I think I just around the
corner just straight away alright yeah
go on man oh yes room for today we are
in for something good today that's great
I can't wait to film you today it's
gonna be so sick if I'm gonna call you
something that's gonna be on camera so
they got proof that I called you it yeah
yeah clean ass you're gonna see why I've
wanted him my videos for so long because
he's so good and you understand well
don't come out same as always but um you
did it down with do we get out running
cam
accounts nose 182 for work on the bank
[Music]
Oh
liar stay off yo oh that's sick automate
just night yo I'm back yo cam Andy your
turn
oh my God he's so low in the shade yo
Oh first T let's have a quick set up
jack really quick ethic grips little
shoelace on you hey new year borrowing
shit yeah see you a screw yaps us groups
/ MC t bars
oh yeah my name is Paige clumps
operators MMB forks CNC fault whose
premises pegs on the front yeah OS
before the Flavio deck oh yeah well you
weren't the only people I don't know
with the bottom and down as well yeah
well yeah oh yeah it does awesome nice
now I say it's worth noting by the way
yeah supremacy supremacy apparently hey
make the best of it you know who great
bars always do a for fair yeah and
everyone you feel you want to do oh
that's really nice mate also I'm sorry I
keep ask you to do for works I'll slow
down it's like it's like my favorite
trick I've seen you do Kai member when
you let them power light on and off they
were and now they're like every single
time landed exactly mate yeah you've not
stopped with them and they look great I
was gonna say recently you don't fall
twice I wasn't going to call u 1 Y X I
know how hard they are yeah oh yeah but
if you want to if you want to chuck one
alright let me get an angle
hey cam
what groups you got ethic my ethic the
best oh yes I've got I think as well
actually not the bar Renzo could mine
mine got destroyed
hey welcome see you got your ethics yep
oh nice bar ends actually
the ethics they actually are ethics who
just your mind everyone we might
everyone what grips Liam hasn't got a
thick that's why he hasn't got epics
yeah
Liam I hope you get ethics soon mate
we're all praying for you pray for Liam
hashtag Instagram rightfully right years
ago and like I started screwing good
save by the way but like when we started
scootering a def drop was when you drop
in like off your back wheel onto your
front and in the quarter but in this
position and they cut the card died down
didn't they people stop calling them
that but you gonna do one right now you
just said if I got the camera you'd do
it so do it
go on you just did it as well and almost
did a tailwhip dude well then hey well
done I need you if the camera good lad
and there you go back you up do it
that's wrong yeah I can't wait comes
gonna do one been a while that wasn't
too bad
God cam gone up yes easy mate
he's off he's going by well I cam
something here
look who just rolled up to the park
fashionably late as always
beanie salmaniyya Liam alright mate
right as you just got a Liam do a
celebratory ice pick or chink yeah ever
alright just tinkin shot missed it as
well
oh my god
hey well then now straight straight to
the fence without ruining a scooter yeah
buddy
yo
yes cam nice man thank you for making my
scooter look good for it does I got rid
of the supremacist I trade it for some
steel centuries radius yeah oh oh stop
following me oh my god I really hate how
he's better than me on my scooter oh yes
no break crew yes calm Oh what how do
you get away with these things
yeah oh come what house it was so good
on my scooter is really annoying not was
sick early I'm doing some sort grind on
here please what
Oh is sick yes Liam cam on the spot for
wit redemption you still skate on
skateboard anymore cam you've got a
bunch of clips they but you shot your
Instagram yet cam didn't 18 pounds in 18
I'll put it like I'll put it on the
thing anyway but this guy II just stuff
like this literally every day we try to
film for Instagram like every day pretty
much we're always here that's why he's
so good
somehow he's not sponsored he say
doesn't mind about it but he knows if he
put an edit together like you just start
with stayed off camera if you put it
together he'd be sponsor tomorrow and he
probably out to pick the company
sponsored for because he's that you're
that good I honestly don't thank you
outsider's perspective you never feel it
when it's yourself when you're riding
bike if I if I do something I think it's
crap everyone else likes it no I mean
that doesn't make you crap I had me do a
kickflip real quick yeah
yeah that doesn't count I mean can't
just search that for a bit I'm not good
now exact session mate killed it your
scooter on their camera yep the custom
spray job
I don't place into the deck real quick
because wouldn't wait just to see this
deck is there wasn't one in it you spray
it back on the pink breast cancer yeah
any problem is what we've just
discovered on the bottom we have a quit
load mean I won't keep looking at it but
oh man yeah but you bout wonder
themselves oh oh oh
responsive flip
no sponsor for use today
that's perfect mate perfect that was
great yes Oh Liam beautiful Oh huge oh
my god call him I'm getting dizzy
very nice
it helps Oh
oh my god we still going oh I forgot to
say okay alright okay yes okay all right
all right we're gonna stop I'm so dizzy
right now I used to sit right I'm not
even gonna say what you just did on
camera I need you to just do it again
really quick oh my god
whoa he's doing a half-cup wit bar oh
hey little grind down there boy
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah
oh say clip a little bit slippage oh my
god
oh yeah Liam come here have a look at
your scooter this is the this is
technology I it's fine
watch them all I look at that hi it's
beautiful yeah oh he's still going how
do you do that how do you do that May oh
my god those heels I'm watching that
right now yeah yeah I say
[Music]
he says he's got no energy hey that was
so sick
candy than anyone comes in 80 years old
madness yeah I count it's a bike it
camps I don't know I don't know anything
about bikes Oh
[Music]
yeah what what all right
come hey that was so sick
shout out to camp review in this video
what you charge anyway how's this one
done hm you know Instagram swing gets
punted yeah please I've actually done I
[Music]
can't thank you for being in it mate I
don't know okay stop it stuff it then oh
yeah anyway yeah is this done thank you
forward flap
oh my god